[image][Android] Fix Gifs animation never stops even when loop count is set to 1 (#32944)
expo/expo: packages/expo-image/CHANGELOG.md

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> - [Android] Fixed Gifs animation never stops even when loop count is set to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Android] Fixes Gif animations never stopping even when loop count is set to 1.
```
